Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Previously on Love Island...
It was all smiles and romance in
paradise.
For Subtitling Services, contatct:
waqas.zahoor89@gmail.com
Tonight, two more islanders must go.
The public have been voting for
their favourite couple.
The couple with the fewest vote will
be dumped from the island tonight.
It is a new day for Dani, Wes,
Megan, Kaz,
new Jack, old Jack, new Alex, old
Alex, new Josh, old Josh, new Laura
and 'go on, I dare you, call me old
Laura and I'll smash your face in'
Laura.
# Up in the morning
# We play the moment on
repeat, on repeat #
Morning.  Morning.
What are you doing?
You know if you want to get shit
done in the day,
you know they say to
start by making your bed?
It gets you in the mind frame.
You have never made a bed until
Paul came in.
The pillows need to be the same
colour.
I'm going to hang some pants on
mine.
Do I smell?
You smell nice.
What has he done to that?
Well done, Jack.
I like them, I'm going to have them.
Thank you.
I made the bed, a rose on the
pillow and I hung Dani's eye mask
over them, and I sprayed some of my
pants with aftershave on her pillow.
So, try and tell me I am not
romantic.
Last night Laura had a kiss and
a little dance with Paul, or as
carpenters call it, some 'tongue
and groove'.
We were on the beanbag and we were
just chatting
and then everyone went to bed.
That's nice.  Lost track of time.
We were walking along there and he
said something like 'No-one's here.'
What? And he just
spun me round and snogged me.
It was cute. I think he was a bit
nervous.
Good kisser?
Yes.  Is he passionate?
Yes.  Too much tongue?
No, just perfect.
Aw, I like that.
Just the right amount. We could go
more but that might be a bit heated.
Now when I see Laura with Paul, I
can't
see how she could have been
with Jack or Wes.
They are so much more immature,
Rather than with Paul. He is a man.
He is brilliant to be around. She is
so herself around him. She is happy.
They just look so much more natural.
Paul has kissed Britney Spears in a
video.
I was like, er, competition.
We need to watch this video.
I was like, I had better be a
better snogger than Britney.
So when I see him, he's snogged
Britney Spears.
That is rare.
I stole Britney's man.
Winning, winning.
You should put that on your CV.
She kissed Paul last night, Paul has
kissed Britney, Britney has kissed
Madonna. Laura has basically kissed
Madonna and Britney.
What the hell.
It was nice just to sit and have a
conversation
that did not touch on anything else.
Just getting to know
each other. On a nice level.
It was so funny on those beanbags, I
was trying
to lean across and I was
just sinking and like...
Just so you know, if you ever want
to go
for a nice kiss on the beanbag,
it's never going to look stylish.
Did you get the kiss in the end?  I
gave her a little kiss.
There was a little bit
of a slip of the tongue.
She is a good kisser. That is
important as well.
You already know.  You're making this
awkward!
Paul and Laura a really good match.
As soon as Paul walked in
and started
talking to Laura, you could see
there was a bit of a spark there.
It is going to be exciting to see
where it goes. They are at similar
stages in life.
There are both really good-looking.
They're both cool. Cool... Paura.
Yeah.
I need you, Laura.  What are we
playing?
Come to the sundeck.
There is an old phrase that goes,
'a gentleman never tells'.
Strangely, it's a lot more famous
than that other phrase,
'A lady quite often does'.
Are we playing a game?  No.
Having sex?  No.
Did you do the swipe?
The sweep swipe.  Did you do the
swipe by?
Like a shopping trolley.
You put the pound in.  Can we just
reenact it?
Took the pound out.
I am Alex. What did he do?  He
grabbed my hand. Opened his shorts.
I have just got the giggles. I can't
stop laughing. I feel a bit giddy.
You felt his penis. What was it
like?  I did not stay down there for
that long.
Things got a bit frisky
between Alex and I but it is
a positive thing and we are moving
in the right direction. I am really,
really happy.
I feel like we are
back on track. I'm going to need to
get you to role-play a bit more.  I
charge a bit of money for that role
play.
I could do a discount.
Trades?
Could do. It was good fun.
We are enjoying our time.
We are not going to be Jack and
Dani.
Not yet.
Enjoy it.
Right now I am just enjoying my ice
cream. Did the person who designed
this actually taste it?
It would take your eyes out.
It is good though. I like you in a
black bikini.
You like me wearing black.
It is good. It suits you
hair. It goes well.
I think it your best colour.
That was good.
In the kitchen the boys are
pondering the mysteries of love.
Never mind that, I'm pondering how
Alex can eat noodles after a
Calippo. Savoury after sweet?
That's just wrong.
I have seen this with a couple in a
restaurant that they just did not
look good together.
They probably knew that as well but
they work so well together.
You could see they were in love.
Beauty is in the eye of the
beholder.
Sometimes you say 'What are you
doing?'
Why get involved?
(LAUGHTER)
Has anyone been in love?  Yep.
I have not.
When you know, you know, is that
true.  My first proper boyfriend was
when I was like young. I was not
sure if I was in love. Looking back,
I'm still not sure if it was. It is
what you knew love to be.
When it ended I was heartbroken. I
was like what is this pain?
It is not physical, it is emotional.
I did not eat. I lost weight.
I was
crying all the time and things.
Suddenly everything on the radio
comes on and it is something to do
with the break-up.
Especially being a guy,
sometimes it is hard to voice how
you feel. I have been through
heartbreak. I have been through
that. It is not nice. Talking to the
others about it was quite
refreshing. Guys, we don't really do
that.
I went to the shop and I
walked past the soup aisle and I saw
a tin of tomato soup. Last time I
was in the shop I bought that soup
for her.
Have you only been in love once?  No,
I've been in love a couple of times.
I've been in love twice.
There's a lot of people I love.
You can love people differently.
Laura already told me she loved me.
A bit weird.
It's tough getting intimate with 12
people in the bedroom and millions
watching at home.
Luckily the bedroom is empty, and
I've promised Megan you lot will
close your eyes.
Go on, no peeking.
I do like really fancy you.
The more I picture what it is going
to be like, I just want to do it
now.
I think we are boyfriend and
girlfriend so it is all right.
Hey, go ahead, sorry to interrupt
guys.
I will leave you to love birds to
it.
You guys are just numb to anyone
else.
You bastard!
This is so frustrating.
Am I that awkward geezer that
shouldn't be...
We were just having a little cute
laydown during the day,
a little spoon.
And then Jack walks in.
I don't know what to do now.  Get
out!
I was like, just get out, get out.
It was so embarrassing.
He caught us.
What do I do now?
I was going somewhere. Saw that.
Forgot where I was going, got to the
hallway and thought I need to go
back to the garden.
This is going to be weird,
this. I know it's weird. I'm sorry.
I cannot un-see it now.
See you later. Take care, yes.  Yeah,
you take care.
Still to come. Giddy up!
A day at the races.
Some people can't even
wait till they get home
before they start showing
off their bloody holiday snaps.
Boring!
I quite like this picture of me.
Oh, God.
If I can just remove that spot,
it will be great.
(PING) I got a text!
Ahoy!  Ahoy!
Are we wearing dresses?
Oh, I'm excited!
# Here come the girls! #
It will be dressy.  Hot to trot.
In an ideal world, ladies day would
involve champagne sipping and
watching
some lovely horses race round,
however, this is is a challenge
and something tells me it's not
going to be as elegant
as one might think. Come on, we're
going to get a bit sweaty.
Trust me you lot,
if you'd seen the challenge
you wouldn't be in such
a hurry to get there.
Bring on ladies day!
It's the last week of the show
and we're low on cash, so we told
the challenge team to do something
with the leftover plastic grass
from the villa.
Et voila.
This is what they came up with.
Yes, it's Love Island's answer
to the Grand National,
complete with space hopper horses
for the girls.
I've always wanted an horse!
The girls will race their horses
round three circuits of the course,
while the boys get to stand around
cheering them on.
I've dressed as a fireman,
stripteased,
It's about time they put on some
gladrags.
I will actually suggest it
before it happens.
In heat one, our runners and riders
are Steph, Dani, Megan and Laura.
I've checked with the bookies
and the odds are...
..this'll be humiliating
for everyone concerned.
3, 2, 1. Giddy-up! Let's go!
I am so competitive. My technique
was to go for a massive jump
and overtake everyone.
We all looked like elegant ladies,
but we didn't all act like them.
She's standing on my foot!
Come on! What are you doing?
They were very competitive,
every single one of them.
It was elbows,
knees flying everywhere.
It's harder than it looks, you know.
Grazed my knees. For fuck's sake.
Meg's great, she's just
not the most athletic.
My boobs are falling out!
Get back on the horse!
The world's most unladylike
ladies I have ever seen in my life.
People falling on the deck,
others going straight on them.
There's people dragging people back.
Megan, I'm actually fuming.
Pulling me back, she was.
How dare she? My poor horse, he
don't need that.
Laura smashed it.
And in first place we've got Laura!
Yeah, straight win.
Yes, Laura was first
with Steph in second place,
so they're into the final.
It's time for heat two,
and fighting it out
will be Kaz, Alexandra and Laura.
3, 2, 1. Giddy-up, let's go!
Don't stop, just keep going!
There was a little tumble,
so I was like get back on.
(SCREAMS) What the fuck?
It was a bit
of a disaster from thereon.
If Kaz was a horse,
it's a sensation.
Strong, her legs, defined,
clever, she's got it all.
Kaz, that girl can bounce, can't
she?
That girl can bounce!
She was flying over everywhere!
It was intense.
You got to back your girl
and I think Kaz has
a winning mentality,
nothing is going to beat her.
My horse went lame. We didn't win.
I got runner-up. And I got an injury
in my knee.
So, Kaz and Laura gallop
into the final.
And here they are, the four
horsewomen of the apocalypse.
In the grand final the girls
face an added challenge.
They're holding a tray
of champagne glasses
- the boys will spray champagne,
OK, prosecco, fine, cava,
and it's up to the girls to catch
their partner's spray
and stick it in their bucket
before time runs out.
Fullest bucket wins.
The first thing he does is aim right
for my eye.
I was trying to aim. It was
just going all over.
Hair, make-up coming off. Oh, my
God!
Josh was so bad, it was
embarrassing.
The stream I had on the spray was
excellent.
I think she got a lot of it in the
face and chest area.
The technique at the
start was good but he was
putting it in the bucket.
I was thinking we were winning but
there's none in there.
I couldn't figure it out.  Oh, come
on. You can do it. You look fit.
I have never seen anything like it.
She's taking this seriously.
Taking no prisoners.
Islanders are terrible cheats, each
and every one of them.
Even with the spraying, there was a
bit of tactical spraying.
Ten seconds left!
The winner is Laura.
I'm very happy about the win.
Chuffed about the win.
Ah, there's nothing
like the grand national
for excitement and drama - and that
was nothing like the grand national.
Coming up - Alex gets a grilling.
I heard some info.  May have been a
knock.
In just over a week, one couple will
win £50,000.
Although it's being paid in local
currency,
so that's roughly 27 euros.
But there's plenty more dating
to do before then.
Guys, I got a text!
What is it?
# I like me better
when I'm with you #
What am I supposed to wear?
If he doesn't propose to you in that
then I will.
This is the best ironed shirt I have
seen in my entire life.
Ahoy!  Ahoy!
# Stay awhile, stay awhile
stay here with me
Smoulder!  You look like a model.
# I like me better
when I'm with you #
You are you ready? Oh, wow! You look
amazing.  You look amazing too.
Come on, let's do it.
OK, let's go.
We will see you later.
Mate, go and kill it!
Have fun, see you later.  Stunning!
They look like they are going
to the Oscars.  They do!
This day is definitely what the
doctor ordered,
it's time for excitement, really
excited to go.
Just get him on his own,
one on one time.
I'm so excited.
Alex has finally got a proper date
outside the villa - weeeee!
And it's next to a statue of a boy
doing... his business.
Wow, look at this.  It's beautiful.
It's amazing, isn't it? What a view!
This is my first day I have had out
in seven weeks,
like properly out of the villa.
And with a beautiful girl, as well.
I told you black is your colour.
You look gorgeous as well.  You want
a drink? Are you excited to be out?
I am so excited, it's definitely an
improvement from the first date.
You were quite nervous.
I was a bag of nerves.
I didn't know what I was saying.
I feel relaxed now.
Yeah, me too. Look, I've got a black
one.
Date number two.
You said you travel a lot,
where was your best date?
Apart from this one, obviously.
This is the best date.
Even though I travelled the world,
I can honestly say,
my best date was in London, someone
hired out
a restaurant for me, and
there was a piano in the basement.
He sat and played the piano for me,
for like 20-30 minutes.
I couldn't hire out a restaurant. I
can't play piano, actually.
I play the guitar, would that work?
Maybe.
What would you do to beat that date?
I had a date before, and I took the
girl basically
up the London Eye, walked along
the river and afterwards
we went for dinner at the Shard.
A nice steak house and stuff.
Very nice.  What are your friends
like?
My closest friends are my sisters,
I tell them everything,
more than I tell my parents. They
don't actually know what I'm up to.
Probably that's for the best.
They will now.  I know. Oh, God.
For me, on the outside, I am so
close to my friends.
And I want my girl to be able to get
along with them.
I know that you would. You very
easy to get on with.
You would have a laugh
with them, if you find me funny,
you would find them funny.
My family would definitely find you
funny.
What do you think they would think?
I think they will all think you are
amazing, to be honest.
I hope so, apart from my clumsiness.
I don't know, fingers crossed.
I am so clumsy, they will tell me
that this
is exactly the guy you
need around you at all times.
I can definitely see my mum getting
along with you, my dad as well.
My mum would definitely like you,
she would chat away with you.
I am good with mums.
Are you? I am good with mums.
My nan would be all over you.  Would
she?
I'm used to it from work and stuff.
It'd be nice to meet them sometime.
Well, maybe soon I think we probably
will, won't we? See what happens.
That's Alex's first date
outside the villa and he's pulled!
Alexandra's Nan, if you're watching,
one more week, then he's all yours.
But Dani thinks you might
have some competition.
She really likes him.  Does she
really? I'm glad she does for him.
She told me early on, last night,
she felt it.
She didn't!  She was so happy!
She felt it! No, she didn't.
No way!
She felt his Johnson?  A quick touch.
You know when you touch the cereal
box...
What, in the bed?
They broke that touch barrier now.
I didn't know!
Oh, fuck off!
I don't want to talk about it!
I feel sick!  It's like talking about
my brother's willy.
It's wrong.
Obviously, it was a turbulent start.
We landed safely.
The role-playing thing.
Did you enjoy it?
It's brought it back.  I am very
happy that we're back on track.
I feel comfortable around you.
The whole experience made me
realise my insecurities and what I
previously ran away from in
previous relationships.
In my head, it shouldn't have been a
big deal,
but it was, I made it a bigger deal.
I have felt like that before,
so I thought that the signals were
back, so I changed direction.
If I thought that things
are moving too quickly, it was like
an escape mechanism.
I don't want to
rush into something, on the outside,
I would run away. It was stupid.
I am a changed man? I always panic a
little bit,
but it made me realise
that you don't have to be like that.
Don't panic, don't run away.
I definitely fancy you a lot
and last night was a beautiful
moment to cuddle and kiss you.
It was very nice.
I waited all that time to meet
someone that I was compatible with.
We continue to grow, I'm very
excited. Cheers to that.
Cheers.  Thank you very much.
Josh and Steph are discussing
their sexual chemistry
and let's just say sparks are flying.
Not between them, it's her
nylon pyjama top, so much static.
Alex was proper looking forward to
his date.
I am so happy for him.
I look at them and I think that's
what I want. They've been through
hard times and came out the other
side.
Stronger than ever.  Yeah.
Will we be like that?  I don't know.
I think we could be, definitely.
It has to be completely natural and
organic, obviously we
want to take things slowly.
We can only see how this goes.
I don't know
at the minute, don't know what
will happen with us, but we are
heading in a good direction.
I look forward to spending time with
you each day, but I don't know where
my head
is at for a romatic connection, to
be honest.
It all takes time.
At the minute, I see you like a
friend, but I'm not ruling anything
out.
I love you, but I don't know in what
way yet.
Maybe we're not compatible at all on
a romantic level, maybe it's just
friendship.
I feel like a horrible person saying
that, but I am honest
at the end of the day.
So the search continues for Steph.
And Wes.
It's in there somewhere. Shrinkage.
The shower's very cold.
I bet they're having a lovely time.
They looked amazing.
They needed this time.
They know each other now, there is
no first-date nerves.
This originated because of this
role-play.
Yeah, I'm taking credit.
The Do Bits Society is discussing
the new member. No pun intended.
You are going to love it, I was in
the terrace with Dani and out of
nowhere she went 'Last night
Alex grabbed his Johnson.'
Yes!
Is that level 2?
Oh my God.
Honey, I'm home.
He's teasing her.
Oi!
We're engaged! No, joking.
How was it?  It was so lovely.
Absolutely amazing.
That date was absolutely
fantastic. I think it goes down
as the best I'd ever had.
We were in a restaurant bar place.
You could see the sea and the
cliffs,
we had nice sangria. It was nice.
Look at him!
Alex is my best mate.
I think they had a
real journey. But it's genuine,
there is a genuine connection. They
just picked up from where they left
off.
I am over the moon. Alex
totally deserves it.
What did he say?  You look so
beautiful.
I can tell that
you have been kissing, you have no
lipstick left on.
It is so nice.
I think the date went really well,
to be honest. I couldn't imagine for
anything better.
The date brought us
closer together, we definitely
understand each other lots more.
We are both excited about what's to
come.
She's going to drag you to that bed.
I have some info...
Emergency DBS.
Emergency.
Someone may have touched your
Johnson.
Level two.  I think you doth protest
too much.
Dr Do No Bits went to Dr Love
and I am so happy for him.
There's sexual chemistry.
I hope to see him in some DBS
meetings soon.
He has gone red again.
Was it a swift swipe?
There might have been a knock.
I decided to tell my
boyfriend, he has a big mouth.
I toast my good friend Alex, he is
moving to the right direction.
Alex! Cheers!  Alex and Alexandra!
ALL: Cheers!
Still to come...
..it's dumping time.
The couple with the fewest votes
will be dumped tonight.
As we know, Jack's no ordinary pen
salesman, he's actually worshipped
as a god in offices throughout the
south-eastern region.
Now Josh wants
to know the story behind the legend.
How did you get into flipping...
The MD of the company. He was my
stepdad's mate.
I've got a job.
I went in there, he gave me a phone,
a pad, ring up and sell them
stationery.
What?
In the end, I was just, I don't need
a script, I just smashed it.
I can picture you as the flashest
bastard.
Give me your sales pitch.
This was the old pitch.
Answer it.
Answer, then. I am ringing you.
Hello.
Is the person around who deals with
all your office stationery?
Let me put you on to her, her name
is Kasima.
Is she as nice as you?
You are so smooth.
I don't think so. She is actually a
bit of a bitch.
I like a challenge. Sorry, what was
your name?
My name is Josh.  Thank you, Josh.
I like a challenge.
I will give it a whirl.
If it goes wrong, I'm blaming you.
Of course.
Hello, Kasima speaking.
Hello Kaz, are you OK?
I'm fine.
Am I right in thinking you are like
the person who deals with office
stationery, is that right?
I am but we're not actually looking.
I am not here to waste your time. I
think you get 1000 of these calls.
They right bore you to death.
You are not wrong there.
Do you like a saving?  I do.
Any price you got, I can knock you
off at least 15%.
Don't you want to know the prices
first?
I don't tell many people this.
We are with two of your biggest
wholesalers, we have the cheapest
cost price in the UK.
Are you lying?  Are you? She's
watching you make it up!  So
gullible.
Yes, it's made up.
You are so horrible. The two biggest
wholesalers!
How much does Kaz like Josh?
Well, I mean how long is a piece of
Kaz's earring?
Honestly, it's really hit me
today, how much I proper like Josh.
Honestly, I feel like he hasn't done
anything wrong so far.
The way he is, it's exactly what I
look for in a guy, he is so smart,
funny, kind,
he treats me so nicely. I am excited
and scared as well. Honestly...
Everybody feels like that, I'm
petrified, babe.
I am scared.
I want it to work, I want to carry
on.
It's so different on the outside.
Josh is the same with you.
I think in every relationship,
when you really like someone, you
don't want anything to go wrong and
every girl is like that. If they
ain't scared, they're lying.
It hit me
today, I really like this guy.
I've never felt like this way
before.
You said you loved each other. Did
he say it first?
Did he say it first?
Do you love him?  You know what,
I actually do.
I can't tell him, I want to be in it
and I want him to feel it back.
Before the last break I put on my
sexy trail voice
to say there was
gonna be a dumping.
Here it comes.
Guys, I have a text!
I hate those words.
It's never simple, is it? It's never
simple in this place.
Oh, fuck.
You lot have been voting for your
favourite couple,
so let the drama begin.
The public have voted for their
favourite couple. The couple with
the
fewest votes will be dumped from
island.
The safe couples will be announced
in no particular order.
The first couple safe is...
..Dani and Jack.
Next couple safe is...
..Laura and Jack.
The next couple is...
..Megan and Wes.
The next couple safe is...
..Laura and Paul.
..Alex and Alexandra.
The couple with the fewest number of
votes and therefore dumped from the
island is...
..Steph and Josh.
Give us a hug.
I'm absolutely sweating.
I'd be lying if I said
that I wasn't nervous, I wasn't
worrying about leaving, it was
more about leaving my friends.
I feel that everybody deserves a
chance to find love here.
They wasn't a romantic couple.
But they are genuine people.
We're going to miss you.
She has become one of my best
friends. I adore the girl.
She will be greatly missed.
Ready?  As I'll ever be.
It has been a pleasure, Josh. You
have been a star.
He was a pleasure
to be around. What a great guy.
My Love Island experience was
literally
all the emotions I felt in my life,
jammed in a mental week.
I loved every second. Even the
tears.
I came here to find someone,
obviously that wasn't the case, but
I know there's a girl for me.
Who wouldn't want this
chocolate sauce?
Tomorrow night.
It's the return of
the lie detector.
Bloody hell, I'm sweating.
Will you stay loyal to Kaz on the
outside?
Oh, shit!
Subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org